alright what's in the van well I popped
over the terminal well I snuck into the
someone's office look at this I know
where we are we're inside see remember
the jords are here cuz wheats is dead we
heard him die on the comm so wait a
minute our friend is gone her friend who
was on the gurney is gone huh any new
items here nothing it's all the same
okay my stun baton out
no movement currently
oh shit I wonder if the prisoners still
here he might be the only one safe
because he was locked up
go on he escaped or they let him out one
or the other huh
nobody in the command nope
what the hell happened here I don't know
but we're gonna save before we do
anything huh
I'm wiser than that
there's still people there's some dead
people oh look who it is he's alive he's
still alive
bread the whole date killed them all
it slaughtered them why why the fuck I
don't know but I think Samuel says
there's whites whites are here sent him
Tuesday it's Apollo I need to find him
have you seen Taylor and Marlowe no
they're not here I think they may have
got clear Ricardo Ricardo if I go after
Samuels can you run this place I need
eyes and ears
I'm not fucking staying here Ricardo I
need you to do this can you man the
station and keep me covered
Ricardo yeah sure of course
sit tight lock the fucking doors and
don't let anyone in look after me I'll
come back for you alright find Samuels
and cigs and synthetics you should save
again before we leave here because you
know if we dial I can't see you again
what the game won't let me save a second
time why not huh oh well there's a safe
coming up maybe I could just get there
quick
20 for this area we have to take the
long route of course hello goodbye I did
not murder him because he wasn't alive
to begin with just as filthy fucking
disgusting Android that deserve to have
his head blown the fuck off that's right
you heard me
another Android damn look even more dead
people fucking killed everybody
it's fucked up so have to go straight
then left and right
heads up asshole
over head and left actually you know up
I don't know if I want to go up and I
just want to go this way
then this way yep yep cool look at the
bright side at least the aliens are not
fucking back right course I shouldn't
have said that
can I open this now no device invalid
fuck there's a blueprint right there I
can't get yet there's another droid down
here what are you fucking kidding me
- shotgun blasts and he's fine that was
ridiculous
- fuck his shotgun blasts he was fine
all right so before we leave let's
double check make sure there's no new
stuff here
oh think so that hasn't look like it
alright then let's save up and we'll
take the transit to the next stage very
nice very good